Extract env var value read into a util (#160)
cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Username formatting now correctly only prints FullUsername field ([#126](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client/issues/126))
> - Timeout for token retrievals is now correctly reset in consequent failures
>   ([cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client#158](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client/issues/158))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Username formatting now correctly only prints `FullUsername` field.
   [cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client#126](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client/issues/126))
- Timeout for token retrievals is now correctly reset in consecutive authentication failures.
  [cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client#158](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client/issues/158)
```

I am not sure the user impact from these changes is clear

for the first, is it that the log messages now print a more succinct name or a more detailed name? I'd call that out specifically
> Logs now correctly print only the Conjur identity without the policy branch prefix.

for the second option, it's more like
> When authentication fails, the exponential backoff retry is correctly reset so that it will continue to attempt to authenticate until backoff is exhausted.

### Changed
- Wait slightly for the client certificate file to exist after login before

>   raising an error.

Reviewer: What is the user impact of this change? How does it affect the UX?

Author: the client will fail less frequently as we now wait for up to 10 seconds to read the cert instead of immediately reading it. We are also logging our efforts so that's another customer-facing change. would you change the entry according to this?
